It's really a narrow road for enemies
Are you the director?
You actually passed the interview
Why by strength
Sing a little luck and mix into the story group
Tail up to the sky
This is the clothing department
I have the final say
You don't deserve to be an employee of Story Group.
Get out of here!
Jiang Xue, don't think you are the director
You can do whatever you want
I'm not just the director
I'm still the girlfriend of the vice president
If I let you come, you can't stay
Then Gu Zhenting may not listen to you and let me go
He doesn't listen to me, does he listen to you?
What about Brother Zhengting?
He has always been unable to rub sand in his eyes
I will never allow your moral failure
Bad woman
Stay in the company
Will you shut up?
Scared, I have to say
Everybody, listen to me.
This newcomer
5 years ago, Gou He was pregnant with a wild man
But I heard it was a dead skin
Open a room with a wild man
Looks innocent
It's so dirty that I don't love myself as a woman
Giving birth to a dead baby is his retribution
Jiang Xue
Why do you want to hit me?
If you dare to touch a hair on me today
I'll put you in jail
Daddy, how are you thinking?
Not much.
Why is it so ugly outside?
Jiang Xue is bullying again
This woman is bullying stories all day
Jiang Xue, please figure it out.
I am not a story group.
No, Story Group begged me to join
I know you want to come with me
But I'm sorry you're delusional.
Story Group begged him to join
Really blow
Mr. Fu Guo Doudou
Why are you here?
i
Mr. Gu
You are Wu Zhenting, the richest man in Haicheng